No need for free money, I will give it
How much is it?
A billion what waste
You want to take the opportunity to blackmail
This is my real money
It was sold at auction.
How to become blackmail
If you have no money
Don't force it
Unilateral stay
You can go
Lord War God
Lu Min is joking
Really no money
Lord War God
Today, Lu Min was rescued from the church
Completely offended Prince Lu of the Yujin rich family
Why don't I exchange it for your favor unilaterally?
Help the Lees settle their positions
Could Prince Lu be Lu You?
Although you are a waste
But the ability to offend people is not small, is it okay?
This unilateral approach helped me break through
Participate in the Battle of the Gods 3 days later
At that time
You can bring this trash to watch the battle with you
Watch me beat the pack
Create brilliance
self-righteous
You want us to see
Did you cry when you were hit?
Thank you Lord War God
Lu Ming, let me say it one last time
Don't be outspoken anymore
We don't get so lucky every time.
Lu Ming, don't think it's bad to come out and talk
Your society before was different from now
Report to the Dragon King
The people behind us have surfaced
Luming, do you have something to deal with?
That just happened to take me home
Pay attention to safety on the road
Come back early.